fix(flags): correctly emit feature flag events with the FF response on `get_feature_flag_payload` calls (#143)
PostHog/posthog-python: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.7.3 - 2024-11-22

> Fix bug where this SDK incorrectly sent feature flag events with null values when calling `get_feature_flag_payload`, even though the actual payload is successfully retrieved and returned to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fix bug where this SDK incorrectly sent feature flag events with null values when calling `get_feature_flag_payload`.
```
